Solution Length: 583 
move card S1 to Free cell
move card H4 to Free cell
move card S1 to stack 4
move card H4 to stack 6
move card C4 to Free cell
move card S3 to Free cell
move card S3 to stack 7
move card C4 to stack 2
move card S3 to stack 6
move card S2 to Free cell
move card S2 to stack 7
move card S3 to Free cell
move card S2 to stack 1
move card H4 to Free cell
move card H4 to stack 7
move card S3 to stack 7
move card S5 to Free cell
move card H1 to Free cell
move card S3 to Free cell
move card H1 to stack 5
move card H4 to Free cell
move card S3 to stack 7
move card D3 to Free cell
move card H4 to stack 6
move card D3 to stack 2
move card S3 to stack 6
move card S5 to stack 7
move card S3 to Free cell
move card H4 to Free cell
move card S3 to stack 6
move card H4 to stack 7
move card S3 to stack 7
move card H1 to Free cell
move card H1 to stack 6
move card S3 to Free cell
move card H4 to Free cell
move card S5 to Free cell
move card H4 to stack 7
move card S3 to stack 7
move card C2 to Free cell
move card S5 to stack 5
move card C2 to stack 2
move card S3 to Free cell
move card H1 to Free cell
move card S3 to stack 6
move card H1 to stack 2
move card H4 to Free cell
move card S3 to Free cell
move card H4 to stack 5
move card S3 to stack 5
move card S1 to Free cell
move card S1 to stack 6
move card S3 to Free cell
move card S3 to stack 7
move card S1 to Free cell
move card H2 to Free cell
move card H2 to stack 6
move card S1 to stack 6
move card S3 to Free cell
move card H4 to Free cell
move card H4 to stack 7
move card S3 to stack 7
move card S1 to Free cell
move card H2 to Free cell
move card S1 to stack 6
move card H2 to stack 7
move card S1 to stack 7
move card S5 to Free cell
move card S1 to Free cell
move card S0 to stack 2
move card S1 to stack 5
move card H2 to Free cell
move card H2 to stack 6
move card S3 to Free cell
move card H4 to Free cell
move card S3 to stack 7
move card H2 to Free cell
move card H4 to stack 6
move card H2 to stack 7
move card S1 to Free cell
move card S5 to stack 5
move card S1 to stack 7
move card H4 to Free cell
move card S5 to Free cell
move card D5 to Free cell
move card H4 to stack 4
move card H0 to stack 7
move card D5 to stack 5
move card H0 to Foundation
move card S4 to Free cell
move card S5 to stack 6
move card S4 to stack 5
move card S1 to Free cell
move card H2 to Free cell
move card S3 to Free cell
move card H2 to stack 7
move card S3 to stack 4
move card S1 to stack 7
move card S5 to Free cell
move card S4 to Free cell
move card S4 to stack 6
move card S1 to Free cell
move card H2 to Free cell
move card S1 to stack 7
move card H2 to stack 4
move card S1 to stack 4
move card S5 to stack 7
move card S4 to Free cell
move card D5 to Free cell
move card S5 to Free cell
move card S1 to Free cell
move card S1 to stack 5
move card S5 to stack 6
move card D5 to stack 7
move card S4 to stack 7
move card H2 to Free cell
move card S3 to stack 3
move card H2 to stack 3
move card S4 to Free cell
move card D5 to Free cell
move card S4 to stack 7
move card S5 to Free cell
move card D5 to stack 6
move card S1 to Free cell
move card S5 to stack 5
move card S1 to stack 3
move card H4 to Free cell
move card S4 to Free cell
move card H4 to stack 5
move card S4 to stack 6
move card S1 to Free cell
move card H4 to Free cell
move card S5 to Free cell
move card S1 to stack 4
move card S4 to Free cell
move card D5 to Free cell
move card S1 to stack 3
move card H4 to stack 4
move card D5 to stack 5
move card S4 to stack 5
move card S0 to Foundation
move card S5 to stack 6
move card S4 to Free cell
move card D5 to Free cell
move card S4 to stack 5
move card S5 to Free cell
move card D5 to stack 6
move card H4 to Free cell
move card S4 to Free cell
move card S1 to Foundation
move card S4 to stack 6
move card S5 to stack 4
move card H4 to stack 4
move card S4 to Free cell
move card S4 to stack 5
move card D5 to Free cell
move card H4 to Free cell
move card S4 to Free cell
move card H2 to Free cell
move card H2 to stack 5
move card S4 to stack 6
move card H4 to stack 7
move card H2 to Free cell
move card D5 to stack 5
move card H2 to stack 3
move card H1 to stack 1
move card H4 to Free cell
move card S4 to Free cell
move card H2 to Free cell
move card H2 to stack 6
move card S4 to stack 7
move card H4 to stack 4
move card S4 to stack 5
move card H2 to Free cell
move card S3 to Free cell
move card S3 to stack 6
move card H2 to stack 7
move card S4 to Free cell
move card H2 to stack 6
move card S4 to stack 7
move card H2 to Free cell
move card S3 to Free cell
move card D5 to Free cell
move card S3 to stack 4
move card H2 to stack 5
move card S4 to Free cell
move card H2 to stack 4
move card D5 to stack 5
move card S4 to stack 6
move card D4 to Free cell
move card S4 to stack 5
move card H2 to Free cell
move card H2 to stack 3
move card S4 to Free cell
move card S4 to stack 6
move card S3 to Free cell
move card S3 to stack 7
move card D5 to Free cell
move card D4 to stack 5
move card H4 to Free cell
move card S3 to Free cell
move card H4 to stack 7
move card S3 to stack 7
move card S4 to Free cell
move card D5 to stack 6
move card S4 to stack 6
move card S3 to Free cell
move card H4 to Free cell
move card D4 to Free cell
move card S3 to stack 5
move card D4 to stack 4
move card H4 to stack 7
move card S4 to Free cell
move card D5 to Free cell
move card S4 to stack 6
move card S3 to stack 4
move card D5 to stack 5
move card H4 to Free cell
move card S4 to Free cell
move card D5 to Free cell
move card S3 to Free cell
move card H1 to stack 2
move card S3 to stack 5
move card D5 to stack 6
move card S4 to stack 7
move card S3 to Free cell
move card H4 to stack 5
move card S3 to stack 5
move card S4 to Free cell
move card D5 to Free cell
move card S3 to stack 4
move card H2 to Free cell
move card D5 to stack 3
move card H2 to stack 4
move card S4 to stack 6
move card H4 to Free cell
move card S4 to stack 3
move card H2 to Free cell
move card H2 to stack 5
move card H4 to stack 6
move card H1 to Foundation
move card H2 to stack 4
move card C2 to Free cell
move card C2 to stack 5
move card H4 to Free cell
move card H2 to Foundation
move card C2 to Free cell
move card S3 to Free cell
move card S3 to stack 5
move card C2 to stack 6
move card H4 to stack 7
move card C2 to stack 2
move card S3 to Free cell
move card D4 to Free cell
move card D4 to stack 5
move card S3 to stack 7
move card S5 to Free cell
move card S3 to stack 5
move card H4 to Free cell
move card S5 to stack 4
move card H4 to stack 4
move card S3 to stack 4
move card D4 to Free cell
move card S4 to Free cell
move card S4 to stack 5
move card D4 to stack 6
move card S3 to Free cell
move card S3 to stack 7
move card D4 to Free cell
move card S4 to Free cell
move card H4 to Free cell
move card H4 to stack 5
move card S4 to stack 6
move card D4 to stack 4
move card S3 to Free cell
move card H4 to Free cell
move card S3 to stack 4
move card S4 to Free cell
move card H4 to stack 5
move card S3 to stack 5
move card D5 to Free cell
move card S4 to stack 3
move card S3 to stack 4
move card C2 to Free cell
move card D5 to stack 6
move card C2 to stack 7
move card H4 to Free cell
move card D5 to Free cell
move card S3 to Free cell
move card S3 to stack 5
move card D5 to stack 6
move card C2 to Free cell
move card D4 to Free cell
move card D4 to stack 7
move card D5 to Free cell
move card C2 to stack 6
move card H4 to stack 4
move card D4 to Free cell
move card D5 to stack 7
move card S3 to Free cell
move card D4 to stack 5
move card S3 to stack 5
move card C2 to Free cell
move card D5 to Free cell
move card C2 to stack 2
move card H4 to Free cell
move card D5 to stack 6
move card H4 to stack 7
move card S3 to Free cell
move card D5 to Free cell
move card S3 to stack 7
move card S5 to Free cell
move card D5 to stack 4
move card D4 to Free cell
move card S3 to Free cell
move card H4 to Free cell
move card S3 to stack 5
move card D4 to stack 6
move card H4 to stack 7
move card D5 to Free cell
move card D4 to Free cell
move card S4 to Free cell
move card S3 to stack 7
move card S2 to Foundation
move card S4 to stack 3
move card S5 to stack 4
move card D5 to stack 5
move card D4 to stack 6
move card S3 to Foundation
move card H4 to Free cell
move card D4 to Free cell
move card H4 to stack 4
move card D5 to Free cell
move card D4 to stack 5
move card S4 to Foundation
move card D5 to stack 3
move card C2 to Free cell
move card C2 to stack 6
move card D4 to Free cell
move card C2 to stack 1
move card H4 to Free cell
move card H4 to stack 5
move card D4 to stack 6
move card S5 to Foundation
move card H4 to Free cell
move card D5 to Free cell
move card D4 to Free cell
move card H4 to stack 3
move card D3 to Free cell
move card D4 to stack 4
move card D3 to stack 5
move card D5 to stack 6
move card D4 to Free cell
move card H4 to Free cell
move card D5 to Free cell
move card C4 to Free cell
move card C4 to stack 3
move card D5 to stack 4
move card H4 to stack 6
move card D4 to stack 7
move card D3 to Free cell
move card H4 to Free cell
move card D3 to stack 3
move card D5 to Free cell
move card H4 to stack 4
move card D4 to Free cell
move card D3 to Free cell
move card H5 to Free cell
move card H5 to stack 5
move card D3 to stack 6
move card D4 to stack 7
move card D3 to stack 3
move card D5 to stack 6
move card D4 to Free cell
move card H5 to Free cell
move card H4 to Free cell
move card D5 to Free cell
move card H5 to stack 4
move card C0 to Foundation
move card D5 to stack 5
move card H4 to stack 2
move card D4 to stack 6
move card D5 to Free cell
move card H5 to Free cell
move card D4 to Free cell
move card D3 to Free cell
move card D3 to stack 4
move card D4 to stack 5
move card H5 to stack 6
move card D5 to stack 7
move card D4 to Free cell
move card C4 to Free cell
move card D5 to Free cell
move card C4 to stack 6
move card D3 to Free cell
move card D5 to stack 3
move card D3 to stack 6
move card D4 to stack 4
move card D5 to Free cell
move card H4 to Free cell
move card H4 to stack 3
move card D5 to stack 5
move card D3 to Free cell
move card D3 to stack 7
move card C4 to Free cell
move card H5 to Free cell
move card C4 to stack 6
move card D3 to Free cell
move card H5 to stack 7
move card D5 to Free cell
move card C4 to Free cell
move card H5 to Free cell
move card D4 to stack 2
move card C4 to stack 4
move card D3 to stack 5
move card H5 to stack 6
move card D5 to stack 7
move card D3 to stack 4
move card H5 to Free cell
move card H4 to Free cell
move card D5 to Free cell
move card C2 to Free cell
move card C2 to stack 3
move card D5 to stack 5
move card H4 to stack 6
move card H5 to stack 7
move card D5 to Free cell
move card D3 to Free cell
move card D3 to stack 5
move card H5 to Free cell
move card D5 to stack 7
move card H4 to Free cell
move card H5 to stack 6
move card D3 to Free cell
move card C4 to Free cell
move card H4 to stack 4
move card C4 to stack 7
move card D3 to stack 7
move card H5 to Free cell
move card H4 to Free cell
move card D3 to Free cell
move card C2 to Free cell
move card D3 to stack 3
move card C2 to stack 3
move card H4 to stack 4
move card H5 to stack 5
move card C4 to Free cell
move card D5 to Free cell
move card C4 to stack 5
move card H4 to Free cell
move card D5 to stack 4
move card C2 to Free cell
move card H4 to stack 6
move card C2 to stack 7
move card D3 to stack 5
move card C2 to stack 5
move card H4 to Free cell
move card C2 to stack 1
move card D3 to Free cell
move card C4 to stack 4
move card D3 to stack 4
move card D4 to Free cell
move card D4 to stack 3
move card H4 to stack 6
move card H5 to Free cell
move card H4 to stack 2
move card D3 to Free cell
move card D3 to stack 5
move card D4 to Free cell
move card H4 to Free cell
move card H4 to stack 3
move card H5 to stack 6
move card D3 to Free cell
move card C4 to Free cell
move card H5 to Free cell
move card H4 to stack 2
move card D0 to Foundation
move card H5 to stack 3
move card C4 to stack 5
move card D4 to stack 6
move card C4 to stack 4
move card D3 to stack 5
move card D4 to Free cell
move card D3 to stack 4
move card H5 to Free cell
move card H4 to Free cell
move card H4 to stack 3
move card H5 to stack 5
move card D4 to stack 2
move card D3 to Free cell
move card D3 to stack 6
move card H5 to Free cell
move card C4 to Free cell
move card C4 to stack 5
move card D3 to Free cell
move card H5 to stack 6
move card D5 to Free cell
move card D3 to stack 5
move card H5 to Free cell
move card D4 to Free cell
move card D4 to stack 4
move card H5 to stack 6
move card D5 to stack 7
move card D4 to Free cell
move card C5 to Free cell
move card D5 to Free cell
move card D3 to Free cell
move card D3 to stack 2
move card D5 to stack 4
move card C5 to stack 7
move card C4 to Free cell
move card D5 to Free cell
move card C4 to stack 6
move card D4 to stack 7
move card H4 to Free cell
move card D5 to stack 3
move card D4 to Free cell
move card D4 to stack 4
move card C5 to Free cell
move card H4 to stack 5
move card C4 to Free cell
move card H5 to Free cell
move card C4 to stack 6
move card H4 to Free cell
move card H5 to stack 5
move card C5 to stack 7
move card D4 to stack 7
move card D5 to Free cell
move card D4 to Free cell
move card H4 to stack 7
move card D3 to stack 6
move card C2 to Free cell
move card D4 to stack 2
move card D5 to stack 3
move card C2 to stack 6
move card H4 to Free cell
move card C5 to Free cell
move card H4 to stack 4
move card C2 to Free cell
move card C2 to stack 7
move card D3 to Free cell
move card C2 to stack 1
move card C1 to Foundation
move card D1 to stack 1
move card D3 to stack 6
move card C5 to stack 0
move card H4 to Free cell
move card H5 to Free cell
move card H4 to stack 0
move card D5 to Free cell
move card D4 to Free cell
move card D1 to Foundation
move card H5 to stack 2
move card D4 to stack 3
move card C2 to stack 6
move card H5 to Free cell
move card D5 to stack 2
move card C2 to Foundation
move card D3 to Free cell
move card D5 to Free cell
move card H5 to stack 2
move card H3 to stack 6
move card D5 to stack 4
move card D2 to Foundation
move card D3 to stack 5
move card H3 to Foundation
move card C4 to Free cell
move card D3 to Foundation
move card C4 to stack 2
move card D5 to Free cell
move card D4 to Foundation
move card D5 to Foundation
move card C4 to Free cell
move card C4 to stack 3
move card H5 to Free cell
move card C3 to stack 0
move card C4 to Free cell
move card C3 to Foundation
move card C4 to Foundation
move card H5 to stack 1
move card H4 to Foundation
move card H5 to Foundation
move card C5 to Foundation
