Solution Length: 416 
move card S1 to Free cell
move card C3 to Free cell
move card S1 to stack 7
move card C3 to stack 0
move card S1 to stack 3
move card S4 to Free cell
move card S4 to stack 7
move card H3 to Free cell
move card C1 to Free cell
move card C1 to stack 6
move card H3 to stack 7
move card H2 to Free cell
move card C1 to Free cell
move card H2 to stack 0
move card C1 to stack 0
move card H3 to Free cell
move card H3 to stack 5
move card S4 to Free cell
move card C2 to Free cell
move card C2 to stack 6
move card S4 to stack 7
move card H3 to Free cell
move card H1 to Free cell
move card H3 to stack 7
move card H1 to stack 6
move card S1 to Free cell
move card S1 to stack 4
move card H3 to Free cell
move card H3 to stack 5
move card S4 to Free cell
move card H1 to Free cell
move card H1 to stack 7
move card C2 to Free cell
move card S4 to stack 6
move card C2 to stack 5
move card H1 to Free cell
move card S1 to Free cell
move card H1 to stack 5
move card S1 to stack 3
move card S4 to Free cell
move card H1 to Free cell
move card H0 to stack 3
move card H1 to stack 4
move card S4 to stack 6
move card C2 to Free cell
move card H3 to Free cell
move card S4 to Free cell
move card C2 to stack 5
move card H1 to Free cell
move card H3 to stack 4
move card S4 to stack 6
move card H1 to stack 5
move card H3 to Free cell
move card H0 to stack 0
move card S4 to Free cell
move card H3 to stack 4
move card S1 to Free cell
move card S4 to stack 6
move card H1 to Free cell
move card H1 to stack 7
move card S4 to Free cell
move card C2 to Free cell
move card H1 to Free cell
move card C2 to stack 4
move card H1 to stack 4
move card S1 to stack 5
move card S4 to stack 6
move card D2 to Free cell
move card D2 to stack 7
move card S4 to Free cell
move card S1 to Free cell
move card H1 to Free cell
move card H1 to stack 5
move card S1 to stack 7
move card S4 to stack 6
move card H1 to Free cell
move card C2 to Free cell
move card C2 to stack 5
move card H1 to stack 5
move card S1 to Free cell
move card S4 to Free cell
move card S1 to stack 6
move card D2 to Free cell
move card S4 to stack 7
move card D2 to stack 2
move card S1 to stack 2
move card S4 to Free cell
move card H1 to Free cell
move card H1 to stack 6
move card S4 to stack 7
move card C2 to Free cell
move card H1 to Free cell
move card C2 to stack 4
move card H1 to stack 4
move card S4 to Free cell
move card D1 to Free cell
move card D1 to stack 5
move card S4 to stack 6
move card H1 to Free cell
move card H1 to stack 7
move card S4 to Free cell
move card D1 to Free cell
move card C2 to Free cell
move card H1 to Free cell
move card D1 to stack 5
move card C2 to stack 6
move card H1 to stack 7
move card H3 to Free cell
move card S4 to stack 4
move card H3 to stack 4
move card H1 to Free cell
move card C2 to Free cell
move card D1 to Free cell
move card C2 to stack 4
move card D1 to stack 4
move card H1 to stack 5
move card D4 to Free cell
move card D1 to Free cell
move card D1 to stack 3
move card H1 to Free cell
move card S1 to Free cell
move card S1 to stack 5
move card H1 to stack 6
move card D4 to stack 7
move card H1 to stack 4
move card S1 to Free cell
move card D1 to Free cell
move card D4 to Free cell
move card S1 to stack 3
move card D2 to Free cell
move card D4 to stack 5
move card D2 to stack 6
move card D1 to stack 7
move card D4 to Free cell
move card H1 to Free cell
move card H1 to stack 5
move card D1 to Free cell
move card D4 to stack 7
move card D1 to stack 4
move card D2 to Free cell
move card D4 to Free cell
move card H1 to Free cell
move card S1 to Free cell
move card D4 to stack 3
move card D2 to stack 5
move card S1 to stack 5
move card D1 to Free cell
move card D1 to stack 6
move card H1 to stack 7
move card S1 to Free cell
move card D2 to Free cell
move card H1 to Free cell
move card S1 to stack 5
move card C2 to Free cell
move card H1 to stack 7
move card D1 to Free cell
move card D2 to stack 2
move card C2 to stack 6
move card D1 to stack 6
move card H1 to Free cell
move card S1 to Free cell
move card D1 to Free cell
move card H1 to stack 6
move card D1 to stack 5
move card S1 to stack 7
move card H1 to Free cell
move card H3 to Free cell
move card S1 to Free cell
move card H3 to stack 7
move card H1 to stack 6
move card S1 to stack 2
move card D4 to Free cell
move card H3 to Free cell
move card H1 to Free cell
move card C2 to Free cell
move card H1 to stack 3
move card H3 to stack 6
move card C2 to stack 7
move card D1 to Free cell
move card C2 to stack 6
move card D1 to stack 6
move card S4 to Free cell
move card H1 to Free cell
move card D4 to stack 3
move card S1 to Free cell
move card H1 to stack 4
move card S4 to stack 5
move card S1 to stack 7
move card D1 to Free cell
move card C2 to Free cell
move card S1 to Free cell
move card C2 to stack 7
move card D1 to stack 7
move card H3 to Free cell
move card S4 to Free cell
move card S1 to stack 5
move card H3 to stack 6
move card D1 to Free cell
move card H1 to Free cell
move card S4 to stack 4
move card D1 to stack 7
move card S1 to stack 2
move card H3 to Free cell
move card D1 to Free cell
move card H1 to stack 7
move card S4 to Free cell
move card D4 to Free cell
move card H3 to stack 3
move card H1 to Free cell
move card D1 to stack 7
move card H1 to stack 4
move card H3 to Free cell
move card S4 to stack 3
move card H3 to stack 3
move card H1 to Free cell
move card D1 to Free cell
move card H1 to stack 7
move card D0 to stack 2
move card D4 to stack 4
move card D1 to stack 5
move card H3 to Free cell
move card H1 to Free cell
move card H3 to stack 6
move card C2 to Free cell
move card H1 to stack 7
move card H3 to Free cell
move card D1 to Free cell
move card H3 to stack 3
move card C2 to stack 5
move card D1 to stack 5
move card H1 to Free cell
move card H3 to stack 1
move card D1 to Free cell
move card C2 to Free cell
move card D4 to Free cell
move card C2 to stack 1
move card D1 to stack 4
move card D4 to stack 5
move card H1 to stack 6
move card D1 to Free cell
move card H1 to stack 1
move card S4 to Free cell
move card D1 to stack 3
move card D4 to Free cell
move card D0 to Foundation
move card S4 to stack 4
move card D4 to stack 5
move card D1 to Foundation
move card S4 to Free cell
move card S1 to Free cell
move card S1 to stack 3
move card S4 to stack 4
move card D4 to Free cell
move card S1 to Free cell
move card D2 to Foundation
move card D4 to stack 3
move card S3 to Free cell
move card S1 to stack 5
move card S3 to stack 6
move card S4 to Free cell
move card S3 to stack 3
move card S1 to Free cell
move card D3 to Foundation
move card S4 to stack 2
move card S1 to stack 4
move card H1 to Free cell
move card H1 to stack 5
move card S1 to Free cell
move card S3 to Free cell
move card S3 to stack 4
move card S1 to stack 6
move card H1 to Free cell
move card D4 to Foundation
move card H1 to stack 1
move card S1 to Free cell
move card S3 to Free cell
move card S4 to Free cell
move card S1 to stack 2
move card H1 to Free cell
move card H1 to stack 3
move card S4 to stack 4
move card C2 to Free cell
move card S3 to stack 5
move card C2 to stack 6
move card S4 to Free cell
move card S3 to Free cell
move card H1 to Free cell
move card S4 to stack 3
move card H1 to stack 6
move card S1 to Free cell
move card S3 to stack 2
move card H1 to Free cell
move card C2 to Free cell
move card S4 to Free cell
move card C2 to stack 1
move card H1 to stack 3
move card H0 to Foundation
move card S4 to stack 4
move card S1 to stack 5
move card H1 to Foundation
move card S4 to Free cell
move card S3 to Free cell
move card S1 to Free cell
move card S4 to stack 2
move card C2 to Free cell
move card S1 to stack 3
move card C2 to stack 4
move card S3 to stack 5
move card S1 to Free cell
move card S4 to Free cell
move card S3 to Free cell
move card H3 to Free cell
move card H3 to stack 2
move card S3 to stack 3
move card S4 to stack 5
move card S1 to stack 6
move card C2 to Free cell
move card S4 to Free cell
move card C2 to stack 2
move card S3 to Free cell
move card S4 to stack 3
move card S1 to Free cell
move card C2 to Free cell
move card C4 to Free cell
move card C4 to stack 4
move card C2 to stack 5
move card S1 to stack 6
move card S3 to stack 7
move card C2 to Free cell
move card S4 to Free cell
move card C2 to stack 2
move card S3 to Free cell
move card S1 to Free cell
move card C4 to Free cell
move card S3 to stack 3
move card S4 to stack 4
move card C4 to stack 5
move card C0 to Foundation
move card S1 to stack 1
move card C4 to Free cell
move card S4 to Free cell
move card S3 to Free cell
move card C2 to Free cell
move card C2 to stack 3
move card S3 to stack 4
move card S4 to stack 5
move card H3 to Free cell
move card C4 to stack 2
move card H3 to stack 5
move card S3 to Free cell
move card H3 to stack 2
move card S4 to Free cell
move card S3 to stack 4
move card C2 to Free cell
move card S4 to stack 3
move card C2 to stack 2
move card S1 to Free cell
move card S3 to Free cell
move card S4 to Free cell
move card C2 to Free cell
move card C1 to Foundation
move card C2 to stack 1
move card S4 to stack 3
move card S3 to stack 4
move card S1 to stack 5
move card C2 to Foundation
move card S1 to stack 0
move card S3 to Free cell
move card S4 to Free cell
move card H3 to Free cell
move card H3 to stack 1
move card S4 to stack 3
move card S3 to stack 4
move card C4 to Free cell
move card S4 to Free cell
move card H3 to Free cell
move card S1 to Free cell
move card S1 to stack 1
move card H3 to stack 2
move card S4 to stack 3
move card C4 to stack 5
move card S3 to Free cell
move card S4 to Free cell
move card H3 to Free cell
move card H2 to Foundation
move card H3 to stack 5
move card S4 to stack 2
move card H3 to stack 2
move card S3 to stack 3
move card C4 to Free cell
move card H3 to Foundation
move card S3 to Free cell
move card S4 to Free cell
move card S1 to Free cell
move card S3 to stack 1
move card C4 to stack 2
move card S1 to stack 3
move card C3 to Foundation
move card S4 to stack 4
move card S1 to Free cell
move card C4 to Foundation
move card S4 to Free cell
move card S3 to Free cell
move card S1 to stack 1
move card S4 to stack 2
move card H4 to Foundation
move card S3 to stack 3
move card S4 to Free cell
move card S0 to Foundation
move card S3 to Free cell
move card S1 to Foundation
move card S4 to stack 1
move card S3 to stack 2
move card S2 to Foundation
move card S3 to Foundation
move card S4 to Foundation
