Solution Length: 46 
move card S2 to Free cell
move card D1 to Free cell
move card D0 to stack 1
move card D1 to stack 0
move card S2 to stack 5
move card H0 to Foundation
move card D2 to Free cell
move card D2 to stack 4
move card S2 to Free cell
move card H1 to Foundation
move card D2 to Free cell
move card S0 to stack 0
move card S2 to stack 3
move card D2 to stack 4
move card C1 to Free cell
move card S2 to Free cell
move card C1 to stack 4
move card D0 to stack 4
move card S2 to stack 2
move card D0 to Foundation
move card S1 to Free cell
move card S1 to stack 3
move card C1 to Free cell
move card C1 to stack 5
move card D2 to Free cell
move card S1 to Free cell
move card C1 to Free cell
move card S2 to Free cell
move card S1 to stack 2
move card C0 to Foundation
move card S2 to stack 1
move card C1 to Foundation
move card D2 to stack 3
move card S1 to Free cell
move card S2 to Free cell
move card S1 to stack 3
move card S0 to Foundation
move card S2 to stack 1
move card S1 to Foundation
move card D2 to Free cell
move card S2 to Foundation
move card D1 to Foundation
move card D2 to stack 1
move card C2 to Foundation
move card D2 to Foundation
move card H2 to Foundation
