Solution Length: 119 
move card D7 to Free cell
move card S0 to Foundation
move card C9 to Free cell
move card H2 to Free cell
move card D0 to Foundation
move card S1 to Foundation
move card D1 to Foundation
move card S11 to Free cell
move card C9 to stack 2
move card H10 to Free cell
move card C0 to Foundation
move card S2 to Foundation
move card C8 to stack 6
move card D7 to stack 6
move card S4 to Free cell
move card C4 to stack 4
move card H0 to Foundation
move card S11 to stack 5
move card C4 to Free cell
move card H10 to stack 5
move card S8 to Free cell
move card D4 to stack 7
move card D5 to stack 3
move card C3 to stack 7
move card C1 to Foundation
move card C9 to stack 5
move card C4 to stack 3
move card H3 to Free cell
move card C9 to stack 2
move card H2 to stack 7
move card D6 to Free cell
move card C9 to stack 5
move card H3 to stack 3
move card H9 to Free cell
move card C9 to stack 2
move card S10 to stack 4
move card S3 to Foundation
move card S4 to Foundation
move card H2 to Free cell
move card H9 to stack 1
move card C3 to Free cell
move card S8 to stack 1
move card D4 to Free cell
move card H7 to stack 1
move card S5 to Foundation
move card H10 to stack 0
move card C9 to stack 0
move card D10 to stack 5
move card C3 to stack 2
move card C5 to Free cell
move 2 cards( S9 D8 ) to stack 0
move card H8 to stack 0
move card C2 to Foundation
move card C3 to Foundation
move card S6 to Foundation
move card C5 to stack 7
move card H3 to Free cell
move card C4 to Foundation
move card C5 to Foundation
move card H3 to stack 7
move card D5 to Free cell
move card C6 to stack 6
move card D2 to Foundation
move card C6 to stack 1
move card D5 to stack 1
move card H8 to Free cell
move card S9 to stack 5
move card D8 to stack 5
move card S7 to stack 5
move card H8 to stack 0
move card D5 to Free cell
move card C6 to stack 6
move card D5 to stack 6
move card H8 to Free cell
move card D6 to stack 5
move card H3 to Free cell
move card H8 to stack 7
move card S10 to Free cell
move card H8 to stack 0
move card S10 to stack 7
move card D11 to Free cell
move card C7 to stack 0
move card H1 to Foundation
move card H2 to Foundation
move card H3 to Foundation
move card H4 to Foundation
move card D5 to Free cell
move card C6 to Foundation
move card C7 to Foundation
move card D7 to Free cell
move card C8 to Foundation
move card D9 to stack 7
move card H5 to Foundation
move card H6 to Foundation
move card H7 to Foundation
move card H8 to Foundation
move card C9 to Foundation
move card S8 to stack 7
move card H9 to Foundation
move card H10 to Foundation
move card D11 to stack 1
move card C11 to Free cell
move card D3 to Foundation
move card C10 to Foundation
move card C11 to Foundation
move card H11 to Foundation
move card D4 to Foundation
move card D5 to Foundation
move card D6 to Foundation
move card S7 to Foundation
move card D7 to Foundation
move card S8 to Foundation
move card D8 to Foundation
move card D9 to Foundation
move card S9 to Foundation
move card D10 to Foundation
move card D11 to Foundation
move card S10 to Foundation
move card S11 to Foundation
